1. I have wanted to take this course for a long time, as I have a strong
interest in data vis & web dev tools such as d3.js.

However, the main reason I took this course is to solve a dilemma that
hits close to home. For the final project in MATH 363, I studied the correlation
between narcotic seizures and immigration in 31 Iranian provinces, and created
a simple data visualization to display the regression line via R.

Unfortunately, this visualization did not meet my expectations. It did not
convey the severity of the drug epidemic in Iran, as I wish it would have. It is
my hope that the concepts covered in this course, specifically d3.js, will help
me to create an interactive visualization displaying the relationship between narcotic
seizures and variables such as population, immigrant, income, etc., in each
Ostan of Iran.

2. I think/hope I will learn about interactive visualizations, linked views,
web maps, d3.js, and the fundamental concepts beneath data visualization.

3. Java, Python, Javascript, PHP.

4. Java.

5. Yes, I created a data visualization based on data from the Statistical Center
of Iran (https://www.amar.org.ir/english/Iran-Statistical-Yearbook). It was a simple
chart displaying a regression line, to showcase the correlation between narcotic
seizures and the immigration rate for each province of Iran (did my best
to account for extraneous variables).

6. The largest data set I have had to deal with is from the Iranian Statistical
Yearbook; specifically, the Population and the Judicial Affairs sections. I used
data and tables that contained for each of the 31 Ostans: (1) the amount of
narcotics seized (narcotics were divided amongst several categories, such as
Heroin or Opium), and (2) the immigration to that Ostan. The data came from the
1392 Yearbook (2014).

7. The best visualization I have seen is located here:
https://www.theguardian.com/environment/interactive/2013/may/14/alaska-villages-frontline-global-warming).
It is an interactive web map visualization that uses d3.js to display the relationship
between various factors such as income / population and median income, as well
as extraneous data on age distribution, for each province.
I hope that I can make a similar visualization by the end of the course.

8. The worst visualization I've seen is the depiction of narcotic seizure data
in the Iranian Statistical Yearbook. I believe it is ineffective
at communicating the extent of the opium crisis in Iran. I hope to utilize material
I learn in this course to creative an effective & interactive visualization
that will draw awareness to this issue.

9. I do not believe my programming skills stack up to those of graduate CS
students, so would estimate I am in 10th percentile of students in the course.

10. I completed a math minor in Spring 2017, although am not particularly
skilled in any subject area. I believe my math skills are better than my
programming skills, so would wager I am in the 30th percentile.

11. Yes to both. I have used version control before in group projects for
CSC 335, 337, and 460.

12. The only version control I have experience with is Git, which I utilized
the courses listed in #11.

13. Similar answer as #11 and #12; I began using GitHub at the same time as Git.

14. I recently learned about the existence of Age of Empires IV, which was
announced 2 days ago after a hiatus of over a decade. I grew up playing AOE I -
III, and never thought I would live to see another sequel to the series.
